started the round
in 15th but with yesterday's victory of the athletic miner fell
to the 16th position
in the last Sunday
although the area of ​​the team's relegation are threatened
opponent of the corinthians club that comes to portucel has a taste
I'm not violent
the throw and the ball exploded in the right crossbar of the goalkeeper
the first bid
I'm not going to make a show that the band made a new proposal of the goal
the third goal came the jealousy
from the brazilian championship
do it
when opening the scoring was the team of the athletic athletic
paulo 2 a 0
What is the positive team of osvaldo cruz venâncio?
doctor alfredo backer
capriciously the step
to oab
athletic fan off
the other two
to 2 for the athletic-mg 0 for the palm trees
after the goal
and the country in the second
he played there
the side with the player
of the downtown jucs and criscito distribution with the club is simple.
end of the game all pores
nt most plays of the athletic
do you have twitter
he grants pension
many faults
vice president of the psd diogo milk stressed the politician and he continued
with the club that led the team in the future
receive the São Paulo in Morumbi
and on the last lap of the mark had the victory
during this period the opponents
pinto brook
due to the leak of evidence
beyond seven but his second goal but a third term
raíssa 0 for the athletic
partner of the goalkeeper of são paulo
Liza 0 here in Goiânia
nice play
and increased the advantage
the athletic team